Initial bits for .NET Aspire release 9.0-rc1 (#1810)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/whats-new/dotnet-aspire-9-release-candidate-1.md

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk">

  <Sdk Name="Aspire.AppHost.Sdk" Version="9.0.0-rc.1.24511.1" />

  <PropertyGroup>
    <OutputType>Exe</OutputType>
    <TargetFramework>net8.0</TargetFramework>
    <ImplicitUsings>enable</ImplicitUsings>
    <Nullable>enable</Nullable>
    <IsAspireHost>true</IsAspireHost>
    <UserSecretsId>0afc20a6-cd99-4bf7-aae1-1359b0d45189</UserSecretsId>
  </PropertyGroup>

  <ItemGroup>
    <PackageReference Include="Aspire.Hosting.AppHost" Version="9.0.0-rc.1.24511.1" />
  </ItemGroup>

</Project>
```

For more information, see [.NET Aspire app host project](../fundamentals/app-host-overview.md#app-host-project).

### Templates

.NET Aspire 9 RC1 is moving the contents that used to be installed via the SDK Workload into separate NuGet Packages. This includes the templates for creating new .NET Aspire projects. These templates can now be installed using the [`dotnet new install` command](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new). These can be installed by running the following command:

```dotnetcli
dotnet new install Aspire.ProjectTemplates::9.0.0-rc.1.24511.1
```

> **Hint:** If you already have the .NET Aspire Workload installed, you need to pass the `--force` flag to overwrite the existing templates.

Reviewer: If you no longer need a workload, should the old one be uninstalled?

     markdownlint-enable MD033
-->

> [!NOTE]

> > These .NET Aspire dashboard commands are only available when running the dashboard locally. They are not available when running the dashboard in Azure on ACA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> These .NET Aspire dashboard commands are only available when running the dashboard locally. They are not available when running the dashboard in Azure Container Apps.
```
